#!/bin/bash
0-positive_or_negative.c assign a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative. The variable n will store a different value every time you will run this program. The output of the program should be:
The number, followed by, if the number is greater than 0: is positive. if the number is 0: is zero. if the number is less than 0: is negative. followed by a new line.
1-last_digit.c assigns a random number to the variable n each time it is executed. Complete the source code in order to print whether the number stored in the variable n is positive or negative. The variable n will store a different value every time you will run this program. The output of the program should be:
The string Last digit of, followed by, n, followed by the string is, followed by
if the last digit of n is greater than 5: the string and is greater than 5, if the last digit of n is 0: the string and is 0, if the last digit of n is less than 6 and not 0: the string and is less than 6 and not 0, followed by a new line.
3-print_alphabets.c prints the alphabet in lowercase, and then in uppercase, followed by a new line. only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). All code should be in the main function. use putchar three times in your code.
4-print_alphabt.c prints the alphabet in lowercase, followed by a new line. Print all the letters except q and e. only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). code should be in the main function. only use putchar twice in your code.
5-print_numbers.c prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line.
6-print_numberz.c prints all single digit numbers of base 10 starting from 0, followed by a new line. not allowed to use any variable of type char, only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), only use putchar twice in your code.
7-print_tebahpla.c prints the lowercase alphabet in reverse, followed by a new line. only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden), only use putchar twice in your code.
8-print_base16.c prints all the numbers of base 16 in lowercase, followed by a new line. only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). only use putchar three times in your code.
9-print_comb.c prints all possible combinations of single-digit numbers. Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space. Numbers should be printed in ascending order. can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). can only use putchar four times maximum in your code. not allowed to use any variable of type char.
100-print_comb3.c prints all possible combinations of two digit. Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space. The two digits must be different. 01 and 10 are considered the same combination of the two digits 0 and 1. Print only the smallest combination of two digits. Numbers should be printed in ascending order. can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). can only use putchar four times maximum in your code. not allowed to use any variable of type char.
101-print_comb4.c prints all possible different combinations of three digits. Numbers must be separated by ,, followed by a space. The three digits must be different. 012, 120, 102, 021, 201, 210 are considered the same combination of the three digits 0, 1 and 2. Print only the smallest combination of three digits. Numbers should be printed in ascending order, with three digits. You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). can only use putchar six times maximum in your code. not allowed to use any variable of type char.
102-print_comb5.c prints all possible different combinations of two two-digits. The numbers should range from 0 to 99. Numbers must be separated by a space. All numbers should be printed with two digits. 1 should be printed as 01. The combination of numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space. The combinations of numbers should be printed in ascending order. 00 01 and 01 00 are considered as the same combination of the numbers 0 and 1. You can only use the putchar function (every other function (printf, puts, etc…) is forbidden). only use putchar eight times maximum in your code. not allowed to use any variable of type char.
